Add support.dathere.com section (#32)
dathere/de-intern-guide: docs/onboarding/ckan-setup.mdx

cd src/ckan
ckan -c /etc/ckan/default/ckan.ini run
```

## Learn More

> Once you're up and running, learn more about using the CKAN interface at our [datHere solutions page](https://support.dathere.com/support/solutions/154000118497).

Reviewer: @a5dur

```suggestion
Once you're up and running with CKAN, notify the team and you may also learn more about using CKAN on our [datHere CKAN DMS support page](https://support.dathere.com/support/solutions/154000118497).
```

Author: Yeah, OK
